Introduce a limit on the number of registered devices per realm (#814)
astarte-platform/astarte: doc/pages/user/020-accessing_and_exploring_a_realm.md

# Accessing and Exploring a Realm

In Astarte, a Realm is a logical partition which holds a number of devices and an Authentication
Realm.

The [Astarte Dashboard](015-astarte_dahsboard) allows you to explore all resources of a given Realm,
such as e.g. Interfaces, Triggers, Devices, Groups etc...

## Device limit in a Realm
While there is no limit on the number of Devices registered in a Realm, it is possible that an

> upper bound has been set in the Realm configuration using the [Housekeeping API]().

Reviewer: Missing link

# Accessing and Exploring a Realm

In Astarte, a Realm is a logical partition which holds a number of devices and an Authentication Realm.

The [Astarte Dashboard](015-astarte_dahsboard) allows you to explore all resources of a given Realm,
such as e.g. Interfaces, Triggers, Devices, Groups etc...

## Device limit in a Realm
While there is no limit on the number of Devices registered in a Realm, it is possible to impose an upper
bound using the `<astarte base API URL>/realmmanagement/v1/<realm name>/config/devices` API.
By default, such an upper bound is set to infinity. The limit can be retrieved, updated or removed
(reverting back to its default value).

### Setting a limit on the number of registered Devices in a Realm

`PUT <astarte base API URL>/realmmanagement/v1/<realm name>/config/devices`

The HTTP payload of the request must have the following format:

```json
{"data": {"limit": <value>}}
```

> The value must be a positive integer. If more Devices are registered than

Reviewer 2: must be a ~~positive~~**non negative** integer

> The value must be a positive integer. If more Devices are registered than
> the requested limit, the HTTP call will fail.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The value must be a positive integer. Trying to register more Devices past
the realm limit will result in an error.
```

Author: The two are two sided of the double implication. Both are to be included

Reviewer 3: Oh now i see what you meant. I would use `value` instead of `requested limit` in the following sentence too.
What about:
```
If the value is less than the number of currently registered devices the HTTP call will fail.
```

### Fetching the limit on the number of registered Devices in a Realm

`GET <astarte base API URL>/realmmanagement/v1/<realm name>/config/devices`

The HTTP payload of the response will have the following format:

```json
{"data": {"limit": <value>}}
```

> The value can be either a positive number or `"infinity"`.

Reviewer 2: a ~~positive number~~**non negative integer**

### Removing the limit on the number of registered Devices in a Realm

> `DELETE <astarte base API URL>/realmmanagement/v1/<realm name>/config/devices`

Reviewer 3: I'm not a fan of using a `DELETE` here.
Here we're are unsetting a value, not removing the entity `device` from config.
I'd rather have a `PUT` or `PATCH` setting the limit to `null` which is consistent with other Astarte APIs
